in our streamline world today at centers
take wings plane couple across country
and amazing speed man has based around
the earth in less than 40 planes or at
405 now airship streamlined trains and
buses speed thousands a new frontier get
well within the span of our memory the
screen layer of its day the American
stage code fast the Uncharted rugged
West bringing new people to a new
country but fascinating stories there
were in the life of the stagecoach in
the lives of its courageous passengers
who found romance in danger and
understanding constrained companionship
from the adventures of these American
frontier characters John Ford has
created a truly great motion picture
stagecoach on drama as forceful and as
true as the informer and as gripping as
the hurricane
you all hear what the lieutenant said
who are you trying to do scare somebody
if you'll take my advice ma'am you won't
take this trip my husband this is troops
and right walk he's in danger I want to
be with him you drive them horses I'll
take care of the kid
the man works always life to get hold of
some money so that you can enjoy life
and has to run like this trap brother
you mean your patches there's been no
sign of them you don't see any signs of
them right like rattlesnakes you're talk
too much get on take it easy Gatewood we
may need that fight before we get to the
ferry you wouldn't be much good enough
fight you jailbird Oh
leave the kid alone he is in constant
bring go ask me wrong for a girl like me
if a man love each other it's all right
innit that don't you know that boys
headed back to prison
besides
to going the Lordsburg together he's
gotta know all about you didn't answer
what I asked you last night
look kid why don't you try to escape
I gotta go to Lordsburg why don't you go
to my ranch and wait for me wait for a
dead man
[Music]